Add Calltouch datasource docs | SS-20 (#96)
segmentstream-com/segmentstream-com.github.io: _docs/datasources/calltouch.md

---
layout: page
section: datasources
title: "Calltouch"
order: 13
---

> Attention! The [Google BigQuery](/integrations/google-bigquery) integration has to be enabled to use this feature.

### Importing calls from Calltouch

After enabling this data source, Calltouch calls history will be uploaded to BigQuery once every 24 hours.

### Connecting and configuring

> To enable API access in Calltouch dashboard, go to project, click "Интеграции" (1) > "API и Webhooks" (2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable API access to the Calltouch dashboard, go to your project, and click "Интеграции" (1) > "API и Webhooks" (2)
```

Author: Thx.

![](/img/calltouch_1.png)

> Ensure that radio button (1) is enabled. Copy Site ID (2) and token (3). If token not created yet, click "Обновить" button (4) to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the radio button (1) is enabled. Copy the Site ID (2) and token (3). If the token hasn't been created yet, click the "Обновить" button (4) to create it.
```

Author: Thx.

![](/img/calltouch_2.png)

The process of connecting data sources is described in detail in the [overview](https://docs.segmentstream.com/datasources/index).

> For authorization put API token (1) from previous step and click "Save" (2) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authorization insert the API token (1) from the previous step and click "Save" (2) 
```

Author: Thx.
